Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Solid love!
The world is yours.
What else is mine?
How's your son?
He's getting a little bigger
every day.
You done well with the shop.
Thanks to you.
So. where do you wanna go
with your fine self?
All the way...
here.
It's warm. beautiful beaches.
Paradise.
As long as it's somewhere far.
Must be nice.
Right.
I'd pay for you to travel
and go see the world.
You're not coming?
People that own the world
ain't got time for paradise.
They only dream about it.
♪ Crack. pills. guns. semi-autos
with double triggers ♪
♪ I can't put them down ♪
♪ Persons. places. things
This the way of my life ♪
♪ You'd think I conform
to a noun ♪
I ain't gonna lie.
that shit raw. man.
What was that?
That shit
cold as hell.
You need to drop that shit.
I'm about to. You already know.
What's up with these
opp ass niggas dick sucking?
Man. what?
The fuck is a booty bandit?
Oh. I know them niggas
ain't talking about us.
We'll pull that pipe
on your bitch ass.
Good to see you. brother.
Ah. you could've came
into church. man.
They ain't gonna bite you
in there.
Say your little prayer.
Thank God for getting out.
I prayed enough in prison.
I heard that.
They tried to kill you
in the joint. man.
Believe it or not. but the
police hate you
as much as they hated him.
I would lay low.
You think he'd lay low
if they killed me?
You just came home. man.
I don't want to lose you.
I'm gonna lose myself
trying to protect my own ass.
Chief. we have a business
to run. man.
The business will run itself.
Retribution is at hand.
I don't expect you to understand
my thought process.
Oh. I do. Believe me. I do.
Ever since we was kids.
you always wanted
to meet out justice.
How you gonna meet out justice
while we out here doing
what we do?
How you gonna go to church
while we're out here doing
what we do?
Chief!
What's up. baby? You're home.
Yeah.
What's up?
Boss-man! Much love. baby!
All right. you man on a mission.
They got you on scroll. you dig?
Chief. welcome back home.
-Looking good.
-Yeah. staying in shape.
How'd they catch him?
Straw found out
that he was injured.
They got to his driver.
When he got into the car.
they were waiting inside.
- How many?
- In the car?
-When they killed him.
-Seven of them.
We know who they are?
♪ Let's get it ♪
♪ Conflict
I resolve the conflict? ♪
♪ I don't got the time to pay
attention to the nonsense ♪
♪ They separate us
in them jail cells ♪
♪ By a thumbprint
I take pride ♪
♪ In everything
that I accomplished ♪
♪ Let's go. settle down ♪
♪ Must be anointed
to cross the holy ground ♪
♪ Stay abound
Get in my business ♪
♪ Think I won't lay you down? ♪
♪ Got what you need
if you try to fuck around ♪
♪ A couple of calls
It won't be nothing for us ♪
♪ To flood the town
Life is full of ups and downs ♪
♪ Taught me how
to move around ♪
♪ I'm a thug
It out through the bullshit ♪
♪ Life is full of ups and downs
Taught me how to move around ♪
♪ Gamble with your life
and you could lose it ♪
♪ One life to lose
but there's a lot of roads ♪
♪ Find a way to make
your soul feel complete ♪
♪ Take control cause lately shit
been deep. eyes on everything ♪
♪ Watching money pile up
as we speak ♪
♪ Watch what you say
and who you say it to ♪
♪ Don't let them people
play with you ♪
♪ This my job
Ain't into doing favors ♪
♪ Up all night
clutching onto something ♪
♪ That's gonna wake
the neighbors ♪
♪ Hate to say
But there's some shit ♪
♪ We just can't save
for later ♪
♪ I just filled up the safe
My family safer ♪
♪ Private dinner
or we get it catered ♪
♪ Leaving joints for the waiter
Niggas beef. we filet them ♪
♪ We the reason
they pray for them ♪
♪ So many crosses of ice
on my necklace ♪
♪ I walk into church ♪
♪ Praying to God every day
I know that it worked ♪
♪ Let's go. settle down
Must be anointed ♪
♪ To cross the holy ground ♪
♪ Stay abound
Get in my business ♪
♪ Think I won't lay you down? ♪
♪ Got what you need
if you tryin' to fuck around ♪
♪ A couple of calls
It'd be nothing for us ♪
♪ To flood the town
Life is full of ups and downs ♪
♪ Taught me how to move around ♪
♪ I'm a thug
It out through the bullshit ♪
♪ Life is full of ups and downs
Taught me how to move around ♪
♪ Gamble with your life
and you could lose it ♪
What up. Chief?
We slidin'.
That's the fuck
I'm talking about. nigga!
Yeah! It's that get back
for Sayeed.
Ain't nothing
like your cooking. Nana.
Thank you. baby.
I'm sorry. son.
For what?
It's my fault. son.
I did not do enough.
I failed you.
You ain't fail me.
I am who I am.
Got nothing to do with you.
Nothing to do with me?
I raised you.
You did
the best you could.
If I die tomorrow.
I ain't got no regrets.
We will all die.
but where do we go after?
When we gone. we gone.
That's why we gotta live
while we here.
Live...
I lived this long. it seemed
like it lasted only a minute.
If this is all there is.
blessed be those
that didn't last at all.
But there is more.
I know.
And you better believe it. too.
I believe I made it this far
thanks to your prayers.
so keep praying.
Oh. I will.
One prayer been answered.
but my main prayer
is to be with you.
your mother. and your father
in heaven.
It don't matter
if there's a heaven or hell.
My fate is my fate.
Who's that?
A saint
who was once a gang member.
Take it and keep it with you.
May he protect you
when my prayer comes true.
You okay?
Grandma just...
needs to rest a bit.
God of spirits
and above flesh.
who has trampled down death
and overthrown the devil
and given life into Thy world.
Lord. give rest to the soul
of Thy departed handmaiden.
Isla.
in a place of brightness.
a place of refreshment
a place of repose.
whence all sickness. sorrow.
and sighing have fled away.
Pardon every transgression
she has committed
whether by word.
or deed. or thought.
for Thou art a good God
who loves mankind.
because there is no man
who lives and does not sin.
What did you pray for. Nana?
To die before you do. son.
My word is true.
- Oh. shit! Oh. fuck.
- Oh. my God. bro.
-Shit.
-Oh. man.
Is Polo dead?
He who lives by the sword
shall die by the sword.
Come here! Come over
before I kill you. bitch.
See.
I ain't gonna tie you down
and set you on fire like no hoe.
I'm gonna let you get it
how you live.
Chief. you sure?
That three-on-one.
that's how they get down.
So. since y'all like
to jump somebody.
here I am.
You got a visitor.
I'm wired today. man. I'm wired!
Know what I mean?
Cut that shit out. man.
They working?
You sleeping better?
Kinda.
Beats the shit out of snorting
the wall paint!
Didn't you. like. get high on it
in supermax?
You ever been in a supermax.
motherfucker?
Them guys in there
commit suicide.
Hold that thought.
What do you think of my new look
I'm trying out?
It's for undercover
special assignments.
He got away.
He got away again!
They're saying it was
like some kind of miracle.
Maybe he's destined from God
to whack you. after all.
Ah. relax. dude.
I've procured such drugs for you
in that little bottle
that if they chopped off
your balls.
you wouldn't feel a thing.
Seriously. we catch him lacking.
and your guys either
had fucking flippers for hands
or the bullet bounced off him.
He's such a hard-ass.
And now the horses
have left the barn.
as my f--
...father used to say.
and he's gonna trace it
back to us.
and we've got a fucking problem
on our hands.
A couple of the guys
who were with you
the night Sayeed died
have disappeared already.
You wanna know who's next?
You get me out this shit.
and I'll take care of that.
I'm tired of being
in this shithole. man.
I gotta get back to my money
and bitches. you feel me?
You better not screw this up.
I'm the chief.
As soon as I touch down.
I'm gonna be the chief
of all chiefs.
I ain't gotta worry
about no weak-ass rules.
like you can't get high
or some justice bullshit either.
When I get my gang and hoes
hooked on this shit.
they gonna do
exactly what I tell them to do.
Oh. I need a cigarette.
You all right. man?
"He who live by the sword
shall die by the sword."
You quoting the Bible?
Am I?
Those are the words of Jesus.
You would know.
Yes. I would know.
I'm the dude
that's the believer.
even though I do what I do.
What the Bible say about that?
If you really wanna know.
you should read it
for yourself. brother.
"He who live by the sword
shall die by the sword."
I like it.
Those words. by the way.
refer to divine vengeance.
It has nothing to do
with our kind of revenge.
Then divine vengeance
must be in our favor.
What's to that tattoo?
I always dreamt of getting out
and seeing the world.
The more I did
to make that dream come true.
the less free I was.
I finally got locked up.
-Well. you're free now.
-There was a moment
I thought
I wasn't gonna make it.
when I felt this.
you know. tranquility.
Peace.
Felt like a breath
inside of breath.
That's the only time
I ever felt free.
That was grace.
I believe you can feel that
again. Do you pray?
My pop was a preacher.
-You're a preacher's kid?
-Yeah.
My brothers.
they ran to the military
to get away from him.
I was determined to graduate.
go to college. play ball.
So. what happened?
He found my stash one day.
and I lived on my own
ever since.
Never missed practice. though.
Football field.
that was my haven.
Even had a few scholarships.
One day. he showed up
to practice.
told coach I was dealing.
cause he thought
he was doing me a favor.
When I first went to prison.
he came to see me. He said.
"This is for all the times
you ain't get caught.
Karma's real."
Then. he went off
to preach the Gospel.
After that. I never set foot
in the church again.
How about your mother?
She died when I was young.
My Nana raised me.
Best lady in the whole world.
I wanted to make them all proud.
Did the opposite.
You can still
make them proud. Malik.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What's stopping you
from getting out?
Hey.
how about we change the mood?
Make us a plan
to get to paradise.
That suck.
Give me all that shit.
His azz cheating.
Check' em dice. bro.
Fuck them dice. man.
Check these niggas out.
It's "get back gang".
You're really a bitch.
And I'll catch you lacking.
What's up with these niggas?
Fuck is that booty bandit shit?
I ain't the Bandit. Ask Lil B.
What the fuck?
What's going on?
Tell him. Bandit.
You better say something. slatt.
I didn't do nothing.
I don't know why everybody
keep saying that weird-ass shit.
Word on the street. man. He was
fuckin' with them gechiees.
No!
What?
I was on live with the shorty.
and the whole time
she was a gechiee.
You was on live with a gechiee?
They ain't letting up
on the gechiee shit.
They keep calling us
the Booty Bandits.
Talking fucking crazy.
Bro. you better hope
this shit blows over.
Your ass is chop.
Booty man.
Lord Jesus Christ.
have mercy on me. a sinner.
Yeah!
- Damn! You dig!
- Oh. my baby.
What's up. Sis?
Yeah. What's up. my boy?
Bro!
-Look what I got for you.
-You dig?
You see this?
Yeah! Fuck that place!
My baby home.
Put his chains on.
Oh. yeah. I'm back.
I just touched down.
I'm standing on business.
and I ain't going for nothing.
-No passes for none of y'all.
-King is home!
I hope your fake ass
can sing while you dead. nigga.
No passes for none of you.
Booty Bandit-ass niggas.
Your hear me?
I'm sick of this shit!
Bro. this all your fault.
doing goofy-ass shit.
-Chill. it ain't even that deep.
-It is. Fuck you mean?
The shit ain't going away.
They calling us the fucking
Booty Bandits cause of him.
From now on. you on lookout.
and you don't get none.
Your eyes and ears need to be
working all day. every day.
Time.
What's the move?
You know Straw is home.
I know.
Yeah. so when we sliding on him?
We gonna slide
if and when I say so.
If? What you mean if?
He gonna move on us
if we don't stand on business.
He wanna drag his nuts.
he more than welcome.
That nigga slimy. man.
Sayeed would have bin
popped his ass.
but he ain't move fast enough.
You ain't forget
what he did to Sayeed.
Hey. check yourself.
I'd never forget the homie.
All right.
Time!
We got eyes on the two vics.
but time is ticking.
We gotta make a move
on them tonight.
We all are ready
on your command.
♪ Zone. two. three
Had to put my foot on niggas ♪
♪ That they get respect ♪
♪ Why these bitches
sell their soul for a check? ♪
♪ Gotta be cautious
With the way that I step ♪
♪ Can't catch me bleeding
On the ground. getting left ♪
♪ I try to live balance ♪
♪ I put on a lot of mileage ♪
♪ Car. no mileage. get a girl
And be her stylist ♪
♪ Front row. that's us ♪
♪ Peel the top off
When we back up ♪
♪ Rolling joint papers
No tobacco ♪
♪ Bring some money in the wall
Stacked up ♪
♪ Concrete jungle
what we made it out of ♪
♪ That's why our whips
Is the hardest ♪
♪ No cheaper artist
Don't blame me ♪
♪ I did it the smartest ♪
♪ Said that I couldn't smoke
I came there ♪
♪ Rolled up a garden ♪
♪ Look at my watches
Got carats in all of them ♪
♪ Old people could tell
I'm a star ♪
♪ Young nigga raised the bar
Around poverty and gang wars ♪
♪ Now I roll up
And get buzzed like a chainsaw ♪
♪ New custom
Chrome Heart glasses ♪
♪ My bitch in Tom Ford ♪
Jumped in front of the bullet
to save your piece of shit life.
Bought himself a week in coma
before he goes to hell.
Maybe he can kiss Sayeed.
when he gets there.
I heard he is stuck
in the frozen lake
with the body count he put up.
We got you by the balls.
We got all your deeds
written down.
-You'll be screaming.
-We will be laughing.
I've been on top
of that situation. though.
Malik. he been moving
different lately.
Thought I'd make you aware
of that.
Think I give a damn
about how he moving?
He can't stop
what's already in play for him.
♪ All this money for you
All this money for you ♪
Me?
♪ All this money for you ♪
Welcome home!
Yes. sir. I'm back.
The architect of the universe
just gave me a new start.
That's the fuck
I'm talking about.
I need everybody
passing out. lit.
Let's blow the roof off
of this bitch!
What's to you?
Is you cool? You can get high.
but don't overdo it.
You know the rules.
-If Malik catches you--
-Fuck Malik.
What?
You sound crazy. foe.
He the boss-man.
That's your boss. not mine.
Boy. your ass hot as hell. boy.
-You gonna get us all smoked.
-By who?
He don't even want to move
on this fucking bum.
What? Be for real. gang.
Malik not stupid.
He has gotten stupid.
I don't know how and when.
but he for sure ain't
the same dude I used to know.
Sayeed would be rolling
in his grave. shorty.
Nah. Sayeed rolling in his grave
hearing you talk about Malik
like that.
You're ass smoking
too much of that shit.
you starting to sound stupid.
What?
Bitch. you calling me stupid?
Hell yeah.
I'm calling your ass stupid.
Fuck that. Your ass retarded.
You should go join
Straw's snake-ass.
teaching his crew
how to get fucked up and shit.
I ain't no backdoor-ass rat.
I'm gonna go smoke
his bitch-ass myself.
Where they bitch ass at?
Tell them to pop out.
-Ain't nobody outside. man.
-This motherfucker dead.
I see more movement
in a motherfucking graveyard.
Look at they block.
They got dry as hell.
-Ain't nobody here.
-On that car.
Ain't nobody popping out.
Man. y'all hiding.
y'all slime pussy-ass.
We outside.
Broke-ass ops.
Y'all got them fake-ass chains
and them weak-ass videos.
Look at this shit.
They gonna need more room
on this motherfucking
wall. uh-bro.
Look like they gonna put
Straw ass next to his.
Damn. you see that?
What?
Nigga. your ass tweaking. boy.
Man. I ain't gonna lie.
that was tough. They shot at us.
but they still some hoes.
Them niggas some bitches.
Them niggas some hoes.
And when I catch them.
I'm doing that to them.
Especially that nigga Straw.
Fuck that.
Fuck Straw.
Damn.
That looks just like him. man.
He'd have paid you money
for that.
I wouldn't have took it.
Charge it to my head
and not my heart. but...
I don't see what you saw.
I recognize he was different.
yeah.
Brave.
Dependable.
He had the heart of a lion.
But I just feel like he was...
He was a bit too ambitious
with his bad ass. man.
His most admirable quality
was loyalty.
That ambitious shit was cap.
My bad.
For a man that was rising
in his own stature.
he ain't have to call me chief.
I've never met someone so pure.
So. how'd y'all get so close?
Warden had me in seg.
Said he had one of my own.
I told him to keep watch
while I bagged up.
Started to help myself
to a little powder.
He looked at me
with tears in his eyes.
He said...
Man. damn.
you do that shit. too?
I heard so many good things
about you.
I thought you was different.
but you're just like the rest.
I'm only human.
Every man got a vice.
You found me off my square.
Do what you need to do.
He understood
where I was coming from.
From that moment on.
he had my back.
That was the last time
I ever got high.
That man. he ain't do drugs.
he ain't smoke. gamble. drink.
wasn't materialistic.
wasn't a player.
His only vice was guns.
Y'all ain't got this way.
He ain't feared nothing.
Couldn't be bought.
That's why the police
had a special hatred for him.
They said with Sayeed
out the way.
you'd be the chief of chiefs.
You didn't budge.
They even tried to kill him.
A righteous man
with integrity
is hated and persecuted.
but a criminal with integrity?
That's an apocalypse.
I still can't believe they never
investigated his murder.
He was a martyr.
I'm sorry. man. I mean...
He murdered
a lot of people. man.
He was a soldier.
Soldiers go to war
with the objective to kill.
not murder.
I know. I know.
But martyr?
Come on. now.
If he did not make it right
with the Lord.
-it don't matter.
-How you know?
I don't know. man.
but I doubt it.
I hope he did.
but I seriously doubt it.
Ain't God the only one
that can judge that?
I know what the Book say
about it.
"I'll have mercy
on whom I have mercy.
I'll have compassion
on whom I have compassion."
So. you've been reading
the Bible?
Maybe God had mercy on Sayeed.
Maybe he paid for his sins
by being tortured to death.
I'm sorry. man. My bad. my bad.
Maybe we should change
the subject.
I really came over here
to get you up to speed
on what we got going
on business-wise.
Freshen you up on these numbers.
I don't feel like talking
about that.
Boss-man. you've been MIA.
The guys are starting to mumble.
Yeah. I know.
The dogs want a bone.
Dogs want a bone?
Just trying to pull your coat.
man.
I am troubled.
I bow down greatly.
I go mourning all the day long.
for my loins
are full of soreness.
and there is no soundness
in my flesh.
For Your sake. I bore disgrace.
Humiliation covered my face.
for the zeal of Your house
consumed me.
and the insults of those
who disgraced You fell on me.
How long. O Lord.
will you forget me to the end?
How long will You turn
Your face from me?
How long will I take counsel
in my soul?
I have grief in my heart daily.
How long will my enemy
be exalted over me?
Look upon me and hear me.
O Lord! My God!
O Lord. my God.
Have mercy on me. O Lord.
for I am weak.
Heal me. O Lord.
for my bones are troubled.
But you. O Lord. how long?
Return. O Lord.
and deliver my soul!
My tongue cleaves to my throat.
and You led me
into dust of death.
For many dogs surrounded me.
An assembly of evil doers
enclosed me.
They pierced
my hands and my feet.
I numbered all my bones.
And they look and stare at me.
They divided my garments
among themselves.
and for my clothing.
they cast lots.
Forgive me.
♪ The trouble of this world ♪
♪ Soon. it will be done ♪
♪ With the trouble
of this world ♪
♪ I'm going home ♪
♪ To live with God ♪
♪ No more ♪
♪ Weeping unwilling ♪
♪ I'm going home ♪
♪ To live with my Lord ♪
What did you pray for. Nana?
To die before you do. son.
-Twelve is hot.
-Yeah.
What's up with Malik?
What you mean.
what's up with Malik?
Man. bro seem
like he's switching up on us.
Worry
about your little business. man.
Let me handle everything else.
-All right. for sure.
-Yeah.
What's up?
You know you can talk to me.
right. man?
Bro. I've known you
my entire life.
You're different.
Everybody has a breaking point.
and some of the guys.
they starting to notice.
They feel like you're getting
old and got soft.
Word get around fast. bro.
Mike.
You've gotta wash your hands
of this whole business.
What?
You know I can't do nothing
like that. man.
I can't.
You can. and you must.
You got a family.
And what you gonna do?
He who live by the sword
shall die by the sword.
Bro. are you on some type
of weird trip. man?
Why can't you talk to me
regular?
And what's with this sword line?
You quoting the Bible now?
You had some
"come to Jesus" moment?
-Ain't you had one of those?
-Don't insult me.
-when it comes to God and faith.
-God and faith?
How is it that I'm the one
that gotta tell you
you can't sit on two seats?
Two seats? Two seats?
You never touched a Bible
in your life.
and now you wanna chuck it
at my face.
That's crazy. man.
All them years
us running around together
when I had you up under my roof.
and it's come to this. bro?
Take your ass back to school.
You know what?
You sound exactly
like your old man.
But I still love you. man!
Enjoying your freedom?
Can't keep sneaking up on me
like that.
You almost got stepped on.
Accidentally.
You mean
like a cockroach or a rat?
Things you have nothing
in common with?
Any day that guy
is above the ground
is a bad day for us.
-I told you I'm working on it.
-You better work harder.
or your ass
is gonna be back in jail.
I gotta move tactical out here
on these streets.
If I murk him.
you never know what can happen.
Shit might start a war. man.
You're afraid of him?
Nah. you afraid of him.
And you a cop.
Let's just cut the bullshit
and get down to what this shit
is really about. Money.
And if I'm working with you.
something big need to happen.
I'm gonna murk another chief
and make it look
like Malik did it.
so your guys in blue
can go fuck up his reputation.
Yeah.
The whore in a shimmering
white gown at the wedding.
A tale as old as time. I get it.
You're so mine.
I dig it.
I dig it. come on.
I'm all ears.
We gotta pin
some shit on him.
I'm talking about a case so big.
real big. shit make the news.
America's Most Wanted type shit.
You know. he loves artillery.
What...
What if you bait him into buying
an anti-tank rocket launcher?
Why the hell
would he need that for?
To nuke all the rats at once.
-Yeah. you too. motherfucker.
-Who? me?
I'd fucking love it
if you nuked me.
The whole thing
going down in flames?
That's like my G-spot. bro.
-What?
-Nothing. Never mind.
Never mind. just keep going.
I love it.
We just need
to get rid of this motherfucker.
What if you screw up
and he goes into hiding?
Then I'll find his ass.
I'll get one of his masters
to help me catch him. Watch.
And then what?
You'll take him for a ride.
and some admirer
will alert the authorities
where to find him. so he can
have a funeral like a king?
I don't want this son of a bitch
to become another martyr.
I'm not
in the martyr business here.
I want him wasted in a shootout
like a piece of trash.
I got you.
Oh!
This some good shit.
ain't it?
Shit. man.
I should've been a cop.
I'd be running cartels by now.
For that.
you'd have to polish up
your public speaking.
And no offense. I'm having
a lovely time here. bro.
but you'd really have
to up your party game. bro.
You should see
what my buddies get all up to
with their charity events
at the state house.
You got the politicians.
you got the lawyers.
you got the religious leaders.
you got the bankers.
The Four Horsemen
of the Apocalypse.
You crazier
than a motherfucker. man.
Listen. before I do anything.
I need to go shopping.
I gotta get me some new drip.
And you.
you need some of that shit. too.
Your outfit ain't nothing.
♪ Locked in
Left the situation ♪
♪ I was boxed in
Niggas call me slimy ♪
♪ Cause I got rid
of their top man ♪
♪ Everybody looking
for the Straw ♪
♪ I guess I got fans
Same group of niggaz ♪
♪ Taught they shorties
How to scout trans ♪
♪ Booty Bandits. gang of niggaz
Actin standards ♪
♪ No Advancement. weak is how
you're gang is branded ♪
♪ Booty Bandits. gang of niggaz
Actin standards ♪
♪ No Advancement. weak is how
you're gang is branded ♪
That's exactly what the fuck
I'm talking about.
His ass gotta go.
We gotta smoke his ass.
What you gonna do?
Go walk his ass down?
Nah. we gonna catch
that bitch-ass nigga lacking.
We ain't got the green light.
Fucking booty bandit-ass bitch.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Fake-ass gangster
doing dumb shit.
I told you about that. man.
If I see that shit tagged
anywhere.
I'm gonna beat your little ass.
So. what's the surprise?
Oh. my God!
You're taking us
on a trip to paradise?
Yeah. It'd be fun to stay there.
You want us
to move there permanently?
Ain't nothing permanent.
but we could try.
Yeah.
But what about my business?
I can't walk away from that.
I have a kid.
I'd love to do this.
believe me. but I--
But what?
I wanna go for a trip.
a long trip. but staying there?
You'd rather stay here?
No. I would not stay here
if I had a choice.
But this is the best
that I have.
I just gave you a choice.
If it was only me. I would run.
but I have a kid.
My life isn't great.
but it's somewhat stable.
I can put food on the table.
I don't have room
for any more mistakes. Malik.
I wouldn't be able to put myself
back together again.
I put money aside
for you and your kid.
Whatever happen.
even if you decide to come back.
y'all gonna be okay.
You don't owe me nothing.
You got my word.
Malik. this sounds
too good to be true.
I'm not comfortable
with accepting
gifts and favors of this kind.
You allow me
to help you and your kid.
that's a blessing.
It's something
that'd make my parents proud.
I can see why my Nana came here.
Yeah.
She was a holy woman.
She gave me this
before she died.
Yeah.
That's St. Moses the Black.
He is a great saint.
-He was a gangster.
-Oh. yeah.
In fact. he was
the most feared gangster
in the land of Egypt
at that time.
How'd he become a saint?
He had a change of heart.
But the main thing.
the reason why he's a saint
is his lifelong struggle
and his humility.
He's coming to me in my dreams.
Mm-hmm.
What's that mean?
It means that God's calling you.
asking you to make a change
before it's too late.
It's a gift.
God calling me?
I'm the last person
he should call.
The things I've done.
people I hurt.
the blood I spilled.
Ain't no forgiveness for me.
No. that's not true.
Cause if there's no forgiveness
for you.
there's no forgiveness for me.
or anyone else for that matter.
God forgives.
Let me show you something.
This life is a valley of tears.
It's filled with suffering.
with pain.
and ultimately ends in death.
I'm gonna die. You're gonna die.
It only makes sense in the light
of the resurrection
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
If you're gonna choose a battle.
tough guy.
choose the right one.
Just like you and your kind.
St. Moses.
he took a lot of lives.
but he became a martyr.
I no longer see
or feel anything bad.
I am finally free.
What's your secret?
Go and sit in your cell.
and your cell
will teach you everything.
♪ Left the situation ♪
♪ I was boxed in
Niggas call me slimy ♪
♪ Cause I got rid
of their top man ♪
♪ Everybody looking
for the Straw ♪
♪ I guess I got fans
Same group of niggaz ♪
♪ Taught they shorties
How to scout trans ♪
♪ Booty Bandit ♪
♪ Nigga Actin standards ♪
Man. whole gang got that drip.
Can you get that for me?
I know that booty bandit
right there.
Oh. shit! What the fuck?
Hey. boy. your shoe's untied.
Yeah. you good?
-You need a new. I got you.
-You need a new pair.
Little booty bandit.
Need some drip?
-There you go.
-Take a bag. bro.
What happened?
Lil B crashed out
and popped Straw.
-Who?
-Chief. Lil B.
The shy kid. He was one of us.
Who made the call?
No one did.
He did it on his own.
That shit don't add up.
2wo 3ree.
Shorty was bullied. bro.
He wasn't bullied.
That booty bandit shit
was all his fault.
Booty bandit?
They was calling us
booty bandits on IG.
Straw made a song
about that shit.
it went viral.
and he must have snapped.
He snapped
cause of something on IG?
Everybody on social media
nowadays.
-So. you made the call?
-That ain't my body. Chief.
-That's Lil B's work.
-Right. blame it on the dead.
I wanted to kill him.
So. you think you Chief now?
Man. I ain't on that.
All right.
What?
You scared?
How many times I heard you say
you ain't afraid to die. huh?
You tough? You ain't tough.
The mothers and sisters
that gotta deal with our shit
they tough. You full of shit.
It's war now.
I'm ready.
Come on.
I got skin in this game also.
man.
The front line
ain't never been for you. Mike.
You got a son to look after.
Love you.
Move. move!
The thief
went to heaven first.
What?
The thief went to heaven first.
The gangster went
to heaven first.
Was I a real gangster?
Will I get into heaven?
Hold my spot.
We gotta go. man.
We gotta go.
Let's go. we gotta go.
We got a deal?
Yeah.
Yeah. we got a deal.
I mean. you out
your goddamn mind for sure.
As long as you do
what you say you gonna do.
we all good.
Very nice to see you again.
Mr. Malik.
So. you're gonna come clean?
Yeah.
You'll be leaving
a lot of people dry.
vulnerable.
you know what I mean?
You finally getting rid of me.
You dressed up for the occasion.
You should be celebrating.
Listen.
why don't we make a deal?
That ain't up for discussion.
If you want the people
you care about to be safe.
I'm the guy you need
to make a deal with.
This is my kingdom.
I am in charge.
Yeah. this is your kingdom.
you in charge.
Good!
Immaculate.
So. what do you say?
Let God's will be done.
God's will. I see.
You believe
that God cares for you.
that He will save you.
Let's get real.
You're way past the point
of no return.
God will never forgive you.
You know
right where you're headed
after this party's over.
so do yourself a favor
and roll over
on those little shitbirds.
Help us clean up the streets.
I'll confess
to my sins only.
Don't fuck with me
about your sins!
Look. man.
if you don't give me the names.
I'm going to fuck your shit up.
All of your plans.
this theatrical production
of yours.
you willingly parading
yourself into this.
this hero sendoff to jail.
Then what?
We just roll the credits.
and the audience cheers?
I'm gonna take that scene.
I'm gonna take your legacy.
your name into my hands.
and I'm gonna crush it
into a million pieces.
Give me the names!
I'll make a spectacle of you.
I'll dump your ass in Sheridan.
right in the rat's nest.
Everybody is gonna know.
I'll blare your name
out of the loudspeakers
on a 24/7 rotation.
"Malik. the rat!
Extra. extra!
Malik took the deal.
Malik's a...
stool pigeon!"
And then.
when it's just us.
when you're dead and buried.
you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna make
a fucking monument.
It's gonna be of you...
...sucking on a piece of cheese
with your whiskers out.
I'm gonna put it on the corner.
It's gonna be bronze.
like the color of shit.
and I'm gonna change
the name of the street
to Malik Is a Rat
Fucking Boulevard. motherfucker!
Good luck with that.
Everybody know I ain't no rat.
Fuck you. rat!
Give me the names. you pussy!
Flesh. bags of piss and shit!
I am the only light
you will ever see!
Behold. this day.
the murderers are coming here.
Rise and flee.
What about you. Abba?
I have waited for this day
for so many years.
Today. the words
of my Lord Jesus
will be fulfilled.
"He who lives by the sword
shall die by the sword."
You do not have to stay here
and die with me.
Please. go!
Hello?
I love you. Grandma.
Lord. have mercy.
Lord...
Have mercy.
Have mercy on Sayeed.
On 2wo 3ree.
All my brothers.
We ain't know better.
Remember us.
Remember us in Your kingdom.
♪ Pain and guilt I felt
from the things I've done ♪
♪ Win some. lose some ♪
♪ Can't switch sides
Gotta choose one ♪
♪ All my niggas free
All our problems gone ♪
♪ Too blessed to be stressed
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Told you I would do it big ♪
♪ Told me
that it couldn't be done ♪
♪ Told me I should hang it up
now I'm on another run ♪
♪ Told me I should do it
for the love ♪
♪ And that it should be fun
Did it more than once ♪
♪ Haven't seen my bed
in months ♪
♪ I crush everything I touch ♪
♪ Saw the city every cut
But it's never enough ♪
♪ Used to get all the love
Don't turn on me just because ♪
♪ I'm moving a little different
than I was ♪
♪ Head down. looking at a cell
Said it was drugs ♪
♪ Want me to win the game
Put it on difficult ♪
♪ Buy the shit in bulk
Get it sold ♪
♪ One night a nigga role model
get rolled up ♪
♪ Somebody rich.
somebody getting chose ♪
♪ Where I'm from
niggas real proud to get old ♪
♪ We done seen some things
We been here before ♪
♪ We live in the movies
Credits roll ♪
♪ Pain and guilt I felt
from the things I've done ♪
♪ Win some. lose some ♪
♪ Can't switch sides
Gotta choose one ♪
♪ All my niggas free
All our problems gone ♪
♪ Too blessed to be stressed
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Happy with all my decisions ♪
♪ If it was up to them
I'd be in prison ♪
♪ Stuck somewhere up
in the system ♪
♪ Learned the game well
cause I paid attention ♪
♪ The pain I dismissed. great
when my name get mentioned ♪
♪ When you wanna win
you just play your position ♪
♪ For my own benefit
I've been distant ♪
♪ They don't like your progress
so they reminisce ♪
♪ They'll say that you switched
We frying bigger fish ♪
♪ We hopping out our chick bad
with a lit up wrist ♪
♪ First to admit
I ain't innocent ♪
♪ Snakes in the grass
waiting to back door friends ♪
♪ Come to an early end
I seen many men ♪
♪ I'm taking chances
at a better life ♪
♪ Can't go to bed at night ♪
♪ Not trying my best
for a better life ♪
♪ Right or wrong. left or right
Don't turn your back ♪
♪ You might get a knife ♪
♪ Facts
This ain't just advice ♪
♪ Pain and guilt I felt
from the things I've done ♪
♪ Win some. lose some ♪
♪ Can't switch sides
Gotta choose one ♪
♪ All my niggas free
All our problems gone ♪
♪ Too blessed to be stressed
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ What? New Chrome Heart
that's custom ♪
♪ Just got a new pound
rushed in ♪
♪ My crib bigger
than your husband's ♪
♪ That nigga's a wasband
I get nothing but spins ♪
♪ Yellow 4 G auto rims ♪
♪ Started small
then got a brand ♪
♪ Don't know
how you not embarrassed ♪
♪ Smoking big. we out in Paris ♪
♪ Pick her down
No time for marriage ♪
♪ Son. these niggas
I'm they parent ♪
♪ Got the crown
No time to share it ♪
♪ You a young in running errands
I stay frozen up in carats ♪
♪ 10K only once I wear it ♪
♪ It's my Kush different
New Ferrari or McLaren ♪
♪ Rolling up and staring ♪
♪ I can hear the crowd cheering
Ain't no interference ♪
♪ Reverse engineering ♪
♪ See y'all
in my rearview mirror ♪
♪ She a ten. her nigga weird
She got her nipples pierced ♪
♪ I don't drink liquor ♪
♪ But I'll smoke some weed
with you. dear ♪
♪ Them niggas tripping
You gotta keep a blicky near ♪
♪ Look like I'm visiting
I promise I'm living here ♪
♪ I get a whole pound
Make it disappear ♪
♪ I swear to God
I'm like a monster ♪
♪ I'm their biggest fear
What I make in a day ♪
♪ You niggas make it in a year ♪
♪ They ask me how I do it
I say ♪
♪ "Just smoke weed and chill" ♪
♪ Don't ask me
how I fill my bank up ♪
♪ I keep seats filled
He saying he want a problem ♪
♪ Till he meet the bill ♪
♪ I'm always high
In the clouds like an email ♪
♪ Anytime I get some time out ♪
♪ I smoke weed and chill ♪
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app